Jacqueline/catalogue po (#2163)
plentymarkets/manual: en/data/exporting-data/Managing-catalogues/practical-examples-purchase-order.adoc

= Practical examples for purchase order catalogues
:lang: en
include::{includedir}/_header.adoc[]
:keywords:
:description: Use the practical examples to learn more about how to create your own catalogue for the export of purchase orders and their order items.
:position: 200
:url: data/exporting-data/catalogues-purchase-orders
:id: VEG94X9
:author: team-order-payment

> This page of the manual lists practical examples on how to create a catalogue for the export of reorders and redistributions as well as their order items. If you are not yet familiar with the catalogues, refer to the manual chapter <<data/exporting-data/managing-catalogues#, Managing catalogues>> first. There, you get all the general information you need for creating and managing catalogues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page of the manual lists practical examples on how to create a catalogue for the export of reorders and redistributions as well as their order items. If you are not yet familiar with the catalogues, refer to the manual page <<data/exporting-data/managing-catalogues#, Managing catalogues>> first. There, you get all the general information you need for creating and managing catalogues.
```

Let’s suppose you want export some basic data of reorders that were finished in the last month for evaluation purposes. Then proceed as described on this page.

[#70]
=== 1. Step: Which data do I need?

Think about which reorder data are relevant for you. Let’s assume you only need the following data for a first evaluation:

- Reorder ID: To match data later on and to extend data, if needed.
- Amounts: For a list of expenditures, for example.
- Supplier: For an overview of frequented suppliers.
- Variation ID: To break down which items are in demand.
- Quantity: To break down how many of the items (defined by the variation ID) were sold.
- Prices: For example, to compare prices.

You can customise this list, either adapt or extend data. Also decide which combination of information is relevant for you. Maybe it is useful to group data and to combine them in several separate catalogues.

[#90]
=== 2. Step: Add corresponding data fields

Add the following <<data/exporting-data/managing-catalogues#160, data fields>> to combine the listed data in one catalogue. You add a data field by clicking on *Add data field* (icon:add[set=material]). +

> You can link data fields (icon:link[rotate=90]) so that they are exported together, for example in one column of a CSV file. This is useful for some of the data, e.g. for the first and last name of a contact. You decide which links are useful for you. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can link data fields (icon:link[set=material]) so that they are exported together, for example in one column of a CSV file. This is useful for some of the data, e.g. for the first and last name of a contact. You decide which links are useful for you. +
```

Let’s suppose you want export some basic data of redistributions of the last 7 days that were booked into a specific warehouse.s. Then proceed as described on this page.

[#220]
=== 1. Step: Which data do I need?

Think about which redistribution data are relevant for you. Let’s assume you only need the following data for a first evaluation:

- Redistribution ID: To match data later on and to extend data, if needed.
- Owner: For an overview who worked on which redistrubution.
- Ordered date: To see which redistribution was already initiated and when.
- Warehouse: For an overview of outbound and inbound warehouses.
- Stock movements: For an overview of stock movements.

You can customise this list, either adapt or extend data. Also decide which combination of information is relevant for you. Maybe it is useful to group data and to combine them in several separate catalogues.

[#90]
=== 2. Step: Add corresponding data fields

Add the following <<data/exporting-data/managing-catalogues#160, data fields>> to combine the listed data in one catalogue. You add a data field by clicking on *Add data field* (icon:add[set=material]). +

> You can link data fields (icon:link[rotate=90]) so that they are exported together, for example in one column of a CSV file. This is useful for some of the data, e.g. for the first and last name of a contact. You decide which links are useful for you. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can link data fields (icon:link[set=material]) so that they are exported together, for example in one column of a CSV file. This is useful for some of the data, e.g. for the first and last name of a contact. You decide which links are useful for you. +
```
